02.Overview/03.Identity: restructure (#969)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 02.Overview/03.Identity/docs.md

##Definition

An identity is a set of key-value attributes.
For example, you can describe a device as:

```
ID={

> CustomerName=Northern Tech AS

Reviewer: Sorry, but this should probably be `Northern.tech AS` :).

Author: good looking out, fixed :)

> CustomerName=Northern.Tech AS

Reviewer: One more round on this one :). It should be a lowercase t,

```
CustomerName=Northern.tech AS
```

Author: ruthless! fixed :)

##Definition

An identity is a set of key-value attributes.

> For example, you could describe a person as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, you can describe a person as:
```

Author: fixed

> For example, you could describe a person as:

Reviewer: We should update this example using something more relevant. We are dealing with devices and not people. 

Example:

```
ID={
Customer-Name=Northern Tech AS
Project-ID=4306609
Site=Oslo
Serial-Number=12345678
}
```

Author: agreed, this sounds too for-dummies.

I pulled your example in.

}
```

Which exact attributes make up an identity depends on the identity
scheme of a given system.

The Mender client allows the user to define the identity attributes, which means that Mender
can adapt to the identity scheme of any environment. However, Mender imposes the following
requirements for device identities:

* the combination of the attribute values must be *unique* to each device, so that identities are not ambiguous when deploying software
* identity attributes must *never change* for the lifetime of a device, so that the Mender server can recognize them reliably

> Do not use device keys as part of an identity, because this will make it very difficult to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not use device keys as part of an identity, because this makes it very difficult to
```

Author: fixed

> rotate or regenerate keys over the lifetime of the device (as it would in effect change identity).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
rotate or regenerate keys over the lifetime of the device (as it in effect changes the identity).
```

Even though Mender allows several attributes to make up the device identity,
most environments just use one attribute for simplicity.

> For example, a MAC address of the primary interface satisfies the requirements for device identity:

Reviewer: Would also list eMMC CID as an example.

```
# cat /sys/class/mmc_host/mmc0/mmc0\:0001/cid 
90014a484247346132a4528894a9a300
```

This is kind of the MAC of eMMC flash chips

Author: trusting you on this one, fixed

For convenience it is very useful to always have a fixed-length string that uniquely identifies a
device. The Mender server implements this by assigning a unique **Device ID** to a device
as it connects to the server.

> For example, a Device ID could look like `594019224d36350001fc5cc3`.

Reviewer: Device Id looks like `be979170-388a-4f38-871d-a4cf88b3ba2d` nowadays?

Author: fixed

recognition of devices during device authentication, grouping, reporting, and similar cases.

> ##Implement a device identity executable

Reviewer 2: :+1:
